do another random tech 87 review and
yesterday we have the mate gone local
monitor audio mk5 bond editions now
these speakers do not continue they cost
me about five hundred pound it cost me
about 500 pound new got a pair of them
for money
I think they sound absolutely amazing
now when I bought them I didn't want to
go for heavy bass I just wanted good
quality music that makes sense
with these because you can really hear
each detail of musical instrument and
I've got to say that is its best because
I have ever heard now the bass isn't
amazing it can't kick out too much bass
as there's a low frequency driver and a
mid frequency driver and then of course
the toefl treble but it's quite
interesting the way it works because
there's like a crossover so this one
I'll put any mid and this one up for
anything that's too low now with my
experience I've seen I'm using like a
Sony AV receiver here it's attached to
my gaming computer using iTunes now I
have noticed that with this app the best
way to listen to the audio is definitely
through digital now I'm using a HDMI
audio connection but you can use optical
audio if you wanted to but the analog
gain was that I had the sound of sounded
washed out with these vehicles when with
digital yeah you could really hear the
detail now the way these speakers move
are quite interesting actually
now they're not the biggest drivers in
the world I get my PhD after comparison
they're not the biggest drivers but they
do pop out a lot of a lot of power
they're 120 watts I believe this is a
hundred watt receiver and if you watch
my channel you know that I had a pair of
gold little speakers I know they're um I
used to use them as my main fronts
because they were horrible for bass and
they just didn't sound like premium
speakers like I said I only paid back
120 for them but at that price I was
very disappointed with what I got now of
these I know I spent nearly five times
the amount but the clarity of the audio
is just kinda mistake could be good yeah
play a song here I can't forget a spider
and nap unless you have some sleep in
purple Sara come be my agent
that's right view to speak it's also
about to mention that there is a poor
out here and a poor out on the back
commercial if you saw that but the poor
out on the back it's for the low range
because I've seen and this one is for
the media which is out is quite powerful
actually you're seeing a couple meters
away you get some tool the push of the
speaker right thank you this is thank
you for watching comment rate subscribe
yep